Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Ken Olsen: Can you hear me.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Ken Olsen: Okay, are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How's everything going for you.
Ken Olsen: I can't complain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good, how are you handling what's going on in the outside world.
Ken Olsen: flooded the coronavirus I'll kick his ass. That's how I feel.
Ken Olsen: But, uh,
Ken Olsen: You know I'm I'm doing everything you tell us, my common sense what's what's wrong.
Ken Olsen: I say saver toilet paper wipe your ass and Democrat, but that's just a joke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. How are, how was your medication working for you.
Ken Olsen: I don't take what they prescribed me from you guys because I take that within
Ken Olsen: The stuff.
Ken Olsen: You guys prescribed me. I had a tooth. I had a dentist appointment last week for a bad tooth.
Ken Olsen: abscess and pick a tooth on the top. So I was taking normal for a couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: High
Ken Olsen: And I've been taking penicillin.
Ken Olsen: So I haven't really had no need to take that little check soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, no.
Ken Olsen: I just got a full bottle. I haven't opened it.
Ken Olsen: But so far, so good. I don't have any withdrawals or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any cravings.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how have you been able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Manage
Ken Olsen: You know my story, but I had an artifact. Last week, I mean, last month are clogged arteries never put a stent in
Ken Olsen: But the day I got out. I had my cousin, my cousin today and I had a sponsor reporters and walked into the place you go to a lot, you know, and reading and taking it easy. I have a cardiologist appointment all day on Fridays for a follow up.
Ken Olsen: Hopefully that goes well, and
Ken Olsen: Try to keep busy and
Ken Olsen: About it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. And how have your emotions been
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: Me, me, me, me. I would call her my ex but
Ken Olsen: You guys me a little bat shit crazy. As always, but I just know it will pass and
Ken Olsen: Yeah, they will change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you've been able to maintain. There's no this with your emotions, up and down, all over the place.
Ken Olsen: Is getting better.
Ken Olsen: Okay, good, getting better. I'm starting to like
Ken Olsen: You know, what's your silver up rover. So I've been sober for 33 days, I guess you could say. And one way, you know, at least from alcohol and
Ken Olsen: I sort of a long time ago. I remember how it felt. And then start to feel that feeling. Again, like, you know, I can do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Ken Olsen: More day the time. I know. I can't make any promises. But
Ken Olsen: You know, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any anger issues popping up.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Ken Olsen: No, I just walk away with some bugs me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's, that's important. Yeah, you know,
Ken Olsen: Hey, you're getting your management and
Ken Olsen: I didn't belong there but
Ken Olsen: You know one thing. Are they told me as a just agree with them. And so you're probably right or walk away is the two things I gotta uranium, besides the one about football.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He says,
Ken Olsen: So all we do is sit around talking about football for a year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Ken Olsen: You know, that kind of stuff, guys. Once you guys sit around talking guys you
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you've been able to stay connected with your sponsor through all this stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They'll go to a meeting.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, he's my cousin.
Ken Olsen: Okay, good. I didn't know. I didn't know before this, but I do have them but yeah we stay pretty well connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Yeah, it's important that you have that support and none of your A meetings have been canceled yet.
Ken Olsen: A couple of them, but
Ken Olsen: There's a couple that are still open. And, you know, first diehards it's okay you know
Ken Olsen: Just use your common sense and
Ken Olsen: So far, so good. There's been a couple people that there was one guy they got infected. He was on a boat cruise from San Francisco to Mexico and it came back on the
Ken Olsen: 21st of February, and he was older gentleman and
Ken Olsen: He came affected. He never went back. Amen. Guys, because I took his place, pretty much.
Ken Olsen: And he said, when it died Roseville on the march for, but he was a for over 30 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: He was my my cousins for it. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry to hear that.
Ken Olsen: Okay, and really close to it. Yes. Terrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. And you know, we don't know what the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure. Next steps are going to be in this whole thing, you know, we've just got to kind of learn how to adapt and adjust and, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if, by chance, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make the decision to to stop the attendance of the rest of your meetings. What are your plans. What's your backup plans to stay connected
Ken Olsen: Well, a couple places aren't going to close. They already said, you know, you want to just one person come in, that's fine, but
Ken Olsen: I don't know if you know I'll be okay. I don't know.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't forget that there's online meetings to
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah, I do.
Ken Olsen: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if by chance that you know, something happens and it does you know happen, then you have this alternative to be able to stay, you know, connected, probably not to the same people that you're used to stay connected to, but at least to the fellowship, you know, in itself, yeah, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, they just closed down the casino. I worked at so
Ken Olsen: Today,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You in Sacramento Sacramento. Right. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You're, you know, you've heard of stones on an open at
Ken Olsen: Don't get stones gambling all and eliminating oh well sorry guys free for me.
Ken Olsen: And they close today and our values close all those places are close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: My dad used to go on Wednesday, every day, every week and a close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. Yeah, I kind of think that they're going to continue closing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different places, you know,
Ken Olsen: Well, it's got to be done. IT'S GOING TO BE DONE WILL BE ALL RIGHT, I'M SURE.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yours stocked up on necessities, in case
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah we're good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Let's
Ken Olsen: Give I
Ken Olsen: Give my way somebody I know a couple rolls.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally picture.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah, I was in Rails yesterday I took pictures of the empty I'll
Ken Olsen: Pretty funny people walk around with mass or whatever. I don't care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I just don't touch anything. And I washed my hands, you know,
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's pretty simple. If we just, you know, really pay attention to self care and, you know,
Ken Olsen: What I mean
Ken Olsen: Yeah i don't i don't sit like everybody kind of spreads out, you know, washing her hand.
Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're not struggling with any kind of emotion dysregulation right now you are staying connected to your sober support system.
Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good.
Ken Olsen: I was actually looking into a 30 day 30 day inpatient program your order noodles dawn. Yeah, I called them and they don't take my insurance and then he gave me a number for strategies for change or something.
Ken Olsen: And it's been back and forth with them. I don't know what's going on with them, but they have an inpatient program for 30 days I probably take it only my I've been to the county county rehab before it was kind of, I call it the Tony do
Ken Olsen: You know, I'm not really fond of their treatment program, but it's there. I mean, I'm locking it. It is not for me. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What kind of insurance do you have
Ken Olsen: Open Blue Cross.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know because I have the experience working in the intake office had a treatment centers that insurance companies. Yeah, you're
Ken Olsen: The house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The a house.
Ken Olsen: No. Okay, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I work to add value recovery.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's in Sacramento.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The struggle that they'll have getting you into treatment is especially after you've got 33 days sober, is that you have 33 days over. Yeah. It's kind of crazy how the insurance works.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, how do you know how did I say 33 days. Yeah, we did. I didn't know is that
Ken Olsen: Jesus died or something to do with Jesus on 33 teenagers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think he was 33 years old. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Oh, we got a visitor.
Ken Olsen: Okay, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's the visitor.
Ken Olsen: My dog.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Yeah, and a dog.
Ken Olsen: It's jack Russell terrorist
Ken Olsen: Oh jack Russell we call a jack Russell terrorists and so the carrier
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of yeah I had a jack Russell before
Ken Olsen: Yes, he's a, he's good. You get it all.
Ken Olsen: seems too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: High to Low
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do
Ken Olsen: Okay, you got to go to a doctor or a good day. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well keep me informed on your process through you know through this whole thing and getting into treatment. What if you're engaging and outpatient, so tell me you're able to stay sober for 33 days. What is it that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is it that you're looking for in a residential treatment center.
Ken Olsen: Just, just to a district. Sure. Hold on, I got something on my screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Along one second. Somebody texted me something I can't see. There we go.
Ken Olsen: Say it one more time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, What is it that you are looking for in going to a 30 day residential at this
Ken Olsen: You know, just to
Ken Olsen: Really work hard on my sobriety. I guess you could say.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I'm really just getting you know involved in something and
Ken Olsen: Get some education out of it or something, I don't know, just maybe, just to get away and get everybody's hair for 30 days.
Ken Olsen: To put up with my shit. So I don't know what it's like to work on my sobriety really art.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I was just kind of curious, you know, you have you're engaged in doing everything that you need to do, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For your sobriety. What kind of things have you're hoping to learn from them.
Ken Olsen: Everything I can you know
Ken Olsen: Actually, this time I'm actually going into my own free will, you know, last time it was CPS or some, you know,
Ken Olsen: And they do 30 days or wouldn't see my daughter, because of the because of the anger management or the
Ken Olsen: I pushed her down because she was you know what you want to hear the story.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Glad to if you'd like to tell it.
Ken Olsen: Okay, I don't make this guy. I work. You live in apartments, you know, for a while because I lost my license, but we were together for a long time to move back in with me.
Ken Olsen: And she just come home in a pissy mood, even my neighbors and say, man, she knows how to push your buttons.
Ken Olsen: And she went on a rant you ran out all the door trying to get her back and sides just cause a scene. She already hit me in the head with a potted plant, but it was a wicker plant.
Ken Olsen: And we bumped into each other in the in the walkway, and she fell down in which the bush is if you bumped her elbow.
Ken Olsen: Called her mom and mom say call the cops. I'm sitting there looking at her, they say no, the cops show up there taking pictures over. I'm sitting. I'm sitting on my couch going, What the hell's going on because I know they walk in and handcuff me and
Ken Olsen: Long story short, I do a younger anger management.
Ken Olsen: And then I did. I had a restraining order against me can't go back to my home place she was waiting on Elise anyways. Uh, you got to stay there.
Ken Olsen: Anyways, that when I get on that subject.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're telling me the story of what happened. Oh.
Ken Olsen: Well, that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is your relationship now with her.
Crazy.
Ken Olsen: You know, as I will know that I'm sober. You know, I'm not a bad person. You know, I'm just coming back to my real self. I mean, I never really lost myself, except for the drunken stupid but
Ken Olsen: I don't know. There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think you're a bad person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. But if I can help you in any ways develop any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: coping skills. We can certainly work on whatever it is that you feel you you need to work on until you you know this all gets figured out as far as your insurance and being able to get in or not get in or however it's going to work, you know,
Ken Olsen: One second arrows my screen. Hold on, somebody
Ken Olsen: turned on. I gotta get this. There we go.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you think about it in those terms, what is it, what kind of things do you think that you still need to work on.
Ken Olsen: Being more spiritual which I i've always new spiritual my life in a way, didn't know what it meant.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: That kind of stuff.
Ken Olsen: I don't know, I've been actually, you know, I've been learning how to cope pretty well.
Ken Olsen: I mean I right now. I'm kind of an easy street, you know, I can't really do anything. I got a roof over my head. You know, credit cards around
Ken Olsen: And
Ken Olsen: I don't know what to tell you. I
Ken Olsen: Like I said, it's one day at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is one day at a time. You know what I mean.
Ken Olsen: I dusted off my metal detector. I put batteries in it damn thing still works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, what are you gonna do with that.
Ken Olsen: Just go around and get some exercise already lost 20 pounds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, freaking people out
Ken Olsen: So I
Ken Olsen: Lost 20 pounds in a month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's just, I'm not drinking
Ken Olsen: Drinking and a better diet. I don't think I really good. I mean, I really good food.
Ken Olsen: Good, yeah, that's something I wasn't doing at the end because the end there. I was basically trying to kill myself. I was just, I was done, I was hit. I went from beer to market.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I see. I had a knee and I had an injury, about a year and a half ago, two years ago, and I had hip surgery done
Ken Olsen: And ever since then.
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I lost my car, my car broke down. Awesome. I quit my job, I hurt my knee on the job. I left because my boss was a gig and
Ken Olsen: My mom died, the same two months, or a month earlier.
Ken Olsen: I don't know. Like that one month or two, I just went through hell and then after my surgery. I didn't give a shit anymore.
Ken Olsen: You know, I didn't have a car.
Ken Olsen: That was job.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a domino effect.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, it's all you know so I'm all good with it now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know one thing after another. How long ago was that
Ken Olsen: What's that
Ken Olsen: Surgery.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: October of 2018, I think. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has been a little over a year.
Ken Olsen: And I got a settlement coming through there. I got a lawyer, you know, everybody told me get a lawyer, get a lawyer is originally offering 7000 in a lifetime of surgeries. I needed.
Ken Olsen: And then somebody told me off shit, you know, because I had a shoulder surgery and I didn't get shit out of it, like maybe nothing workman's comp on my shoulder about 10 years ago. So this year. This time they told me get a lawyer.
Ken Olsen: To to sometimes my shoulders still bothers me.
Ken Olsen: And but
Ken Olsen: Actually, we just a month ago. It's a healing. Now my shoulder feels okay now but
Ken Olsen: They told me get a lawyer, your lawyer, so I got a lawyer, so
I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you injure your knee.
Ken Olsen: Working at working at stones that was breaking some boards, my foot. I walked around for two months with a swollen knee and I thought it was sprayed it turned out to be something else. They have bunch of chips of bone in there.
Ken Olsen: But I had, I got it went to a
Ken Olsen: Backup Dr. Our second doctor, they call it a cameraman.
Ken Olsen: What am I the lawyers, doctors that way. I think that damn it. Here we go again on
Ken Olsen: There we go.
Ken Olsen: Yeah work hurt on the job. I mean, I wasn't looking for a workers comp plan.
Ken Olsen: But turned out that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's really. I mean, that's good and bad. I mean that you did get a lawyer and that you are able to you know get help for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This piece of it because, you know, it's important that you're able to get the health care that you need for, you know, for that injury, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The rest of your life.
Ken Olsen: Well, yeah, but I'm trying to get a little bit, you know, catch me Oh really, I guess, but
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just hang in there with it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I'm taking them one at a time.
Ken Olsen: normally try to think about it.
Ken Olsen: Like I said, I'm kind of on easy street right now, except for the heart attack thing.
Ken Olsen: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been dealing with with that because
Ken Olsen: You know what
Ken Olsen: After that happens like the
Ken Olsen: Last, you know, two weeks. I mean, when I got out like two weeks I was on a crusade like like and save everybody from drinking warn them about this shit. But now I'm over there. I'm going to take care of myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's important that you take care of yourself. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm
Ken Olsen: Trying to get everybody today and
Ken Olsen: I'm over that save everybody part
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta save yourself first.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, true. Or I close my. Come on, I gotta close my door.
Ken Olsen: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you taking care of yourself. Way better you're losing weight. You're you've changed your diet Hauser
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're sleeping.
Ken Olsen: Not bad. I mean I had, I had some wild dreams there for a while but
Ken Olsen: Not bad. I can't, you know, I've had some nice would get a couple hours for wake up and middle the night but I take Seroquel to sleep.
Ken Olsen: And I was started off at 25 milligrams, I'm already up to 300
Ken Olsen: And I try to get often but
Ken Olsen: And dependent on them.
Ken Olsen: You know, right now I can't change any medication. So
Ken Olsen: Let's see my cardiologist, and all that I've already seen my
Ken Olsen: primary care doctor and
Ken Olsen: He said, just hold off and see what your cardiologist says free. You know, I come back into see her.
And
Ken Olsen: I was talking about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He said, we're talking about your heart health.
Oh,
Ken Olsen: So I'll be at the cardiologist only Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now are you planning on taking what medication, did we give you
Ken Olsen: A you guys gave me
Ken Olsen: No traction
Ken Olsen: Number one.
Ken Olsen: I'd be open the bottle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're gonna you're gonna check with your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cardiologist Naltrexone is
Ken Olsen: In the locker. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a blocker and it helps with cravings.
Ken Olsen: Know, like I said, I never took I never took Norco is without drinking
Ken Olsen: So what I was drinking, I'd be popping PILLS all time, but I've never took Narcos without drinking. And why take Norco they make the light headed, you know, I really don't like the feeling so I don't think I'm having a problem doing to
Ken Olsen: Get away from those in the drinking part, you know. So far so good. But you know, I don't believe don't miss it.
Ken Olsen: I have somebody here that drinks.
And
Ken Olsen: I could grab a beer anytime I want you, I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So you haven't been dealing with any triggers or cravings.
Ken Olsen: No.
No, we
Ken Olsen: Got hope, I hope it figures as way right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just know that you know through this process. And if you would tell your, your cardiologist that you do have Naltrexone that has been prescribed for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just find out. First off, if you can take it. I don't think that they would have prescribed it to knowing your history medic medical history if you couldn't but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, let them know that you have it as a backup plan because if you do find yourself getting into that spot where you know you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dealing with a lot of triggers inside your head and you know physical cravings, then that is an option for you to be able to be able to utilize to help with that.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep me informed on whether or not you get into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A residential treatment and. And when you think about it, I mean you and I can build a we can build a relapse prevention plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can identify you know your triggers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To drink and you haven't had any current suicide. That's
Ken Olsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, last two weeks.
Ken Olsen: Though just except time before I turned myself as detox. I turned myself into detox for a couple days. Get out and have artifact.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's when I think you know what I hear is that it was a wake up call that it is time to do something different, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I guess, is either a suicide attempt or a cry for help wanted to do.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah. So either way, I'm glad to be where I'm at today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so how can I assist you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In developing the tools that you need.
Ken Olsen: Something oh there's somebody talk to, you know, and
Ken Olsen: You know, somebody, don't be the smartest one in the room and
Ken Olsen: I'm obviously not so I like to talk. Somebody smarter than me.
Know,
Ken Olsen: Before I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's cool. We'll start somewhere. You know what I mean. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to really pay attention to your emotion regulation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, during this next week and really note. Notice
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you find yourself with short triggers as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As far as anger goes as far as sadness goes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As far as anxiety goes yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have an issue with anxiety.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you can say so. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And do you when it starts getting bad tell me some of the things that you if you can think of them. Some of the things that you do to help regulate that.
Ken Olsen: Right now I take a bike ride or I'll try to read or look forward to a meeting or clean the house and just do some you know you a little small little
Thing.
Ken Olsen: Okay, thank you. I tell them I tell myself this will pass. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Ken Olsen: Leave me, I pray to God, a lot when I was going to your management to do a class I was going to do my classes and anger management, the same week for a year.
Ken Olsen: 2012 as a Christian based program for six months, six months in Christian based program or six months in jail, like I did with police chase, little one. It was something or that guy didn't hit nobody except wrecked my car, my head.
Ken Olsen: But, uh,
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I believe in a higher power and as much shit, as I've been through like everybody else. She had and it might, you know,
Ken Olsen: It'll pass. I've been to a lot of shit. You know that that I'd never get out of my good so I taught me a lesson that you know just
Ken Olsen: One day to time and face your fears.
Ken Olsen: Sober
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Silver. That's right, no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Are you planning on working the steps with your sponsor.
Ken Olsen: He hasn't really brought him up because I think he knows my history a little bit about my you know my service. I used to do a lot of service of the church. We know food closet hope for homeless and
Ken Olsen: Accepting that God is a higher power.
Ken Olsen: You know, it's a lot to do with it right there making amends with people, which I'm trying to do because I didn't leave that too much of a message time
Ken Olsen: I kind of caught it. I'll use my credit cards. One thing I knew what I was using my credit cards that shits going to get bad so I caught myself. I only would think I spent $300 on my credit card and I stopped it. So I knew it was going down. I knew I was in trouble and
Ken Olsen: We find you that much. That's why I turn this over to detox like I gotta go with this. I'm going to date myself. I have a daughter. That's 22
Ken Olsen: grandsons, it's three going to be three. And I don't want him to ever see me drunk, you know, like my daughter did so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He doesn't get goals.
Ken Olsen: You know, they just live like two, three miles down the road I hardly ever want to go see your you know I was here, but I wasn't really here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, but I do a lot more with them because I'm in touch with her almost every day. Pretty much every day.
Ken Olsen: Good. I enjoy being I really enjoyed being a ground on it, Dad, you know, so sort of a somebody that's trying to hide it and be an idiot.
Ken Olsen: Now this time, I didn't get a DUI or have to stand in front of a judge you know that I've done that five times with the de Lys through the years. It's been eight years since my last DUI.
Ken Olsen: But I got to back to back.
Ken Olsen: But I got three in the early 90s. I got three in the early 90s and I got to, I got one to 2011 2012
Ken Olsen: Yeah for 20, believe it or not, 1000 2011 it was 2011 I got a DUI. On April 19
Ken Olsen: And in 2012 I got a DUI April 20 2012 even the judge was like damn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, wow.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. What she realized one year apart. I'm almost to the day
Ken Olsen: On for 2420 I always stay at home. I don't smoke weed.
Ken Olsen: My roommate heard of smokes, drinks but
Ken Olsen: I know what at seven o'clock in the morning I'll still like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a bother you know
Ken Olsen: I don't like it smelled doesn't bother me. I think it stinks. But it doesn't bother me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. I'm glad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you again and over this next week, identify or try to be mindful about your emotion regulations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know about your ups and downs highs and lows.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know about your thought process when you are experiencing those those high anxiety moments, or those low depressive moments or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The irritation and aggravation that can come right before you know our response or reaction with anger, but just really pay attention to that. And if you don't experience them great
You know what I mean.
Ken Olsen: I guess when you asked me if I have a roller coaster of emotion, I could say, yeah, like
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Every day I probably do you know so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're not alone. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean that
Ken Olsen: Are longer though I've been around long enough to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you also know that it can take almost up to a year to get some kind of normal regulation going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. What were you gonna say
Ken Olsen: I said I have saw four to six months 2012
Ken Olsen: So I knew what it felt like felt good.
Ken Olsen: Anyways, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing that's different this time than what it was in 2012 is you now are dealing with it you know your heart stuff to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And so just kind of pay attention to it and you've got the ability and the skill to be able to pull yourself out of those negative thought processes. When you get into them, you just explained it to me on how you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you kind of get busy, you start doing things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just identify and notice how often you're going through them and let's really kind of work on different avenues for you to be able to continue with that regulatory emotional stuff because it is going to be, you know, tough over the next year and I this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, I'm not gonna lie. It's
Ken Olsen: About for myself. I know.
Ken Olsen: I got damn I'm sorry to cut you off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, that's okay. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, you know, we can work through it, we can work on it. Have you ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dove into any kind of mindfulness
Ken Olsen: Explain that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mindfulness is just when you are finding yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your head, finding yourself in that negative headspace
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you just keep ruminating over over past stuff or you keep
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in. Yep. Oh no. Another
Ken Olsen: Defeating anxiety when I started, you know,
Ken Olsen: But nothing I could do about it. You know, I just tried to make it better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's it. You got to pull yourself out of that thought processing state.
Ken Olsen: The past is this will pass this will pass this will pass you know
Ken Olsen: And I know that will pass so I know it will. And I kind of run. Actually, you
Ken Olsen: Know my guys and see what you can and
Ken Olsen: About it, you know, and everything is not going to go your way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: I can deal with, you know, it's not going to go my way all the time. Yeah, I'm just gonna have to deal with it to life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad that you have the ability to change, you know, the thought process when you do get into it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and combat it with this is a moment in time, you know, that's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're able to do that.
Ken Olsen: And working on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes practice. It takes a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lot of practice. If you ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it, you know, but don't stop practicing. You know what I mean, don't stop doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mindfulness really kind of brings you back into the present moment. You know it when you focus inward. When you focus on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: your five senses, you know, in this moment. It's like, what am I hearing what am I feeling, what am I seeing what am I smelling. Right. What am I touching. And so, be able to pull yourself out of the past or out of the future is really sitting in the present moment by self check
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and paying attention to your five senses really listening for sounds around you really smelling for different sounds around you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really being able to whatever your hands are on being able to really touch it and feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is one one skill that can be developed to help pull you out of those negative thought processes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, if you're focusing on what you're doing right here in this moment. You can't be sitting in the past and you won't be sitting in the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Career. And so there's one tool. And the same thing with driving. I don't know about you, but on autopilot getting from point A to point B and not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taking time to basically smell the roses, as you're going is another piece that we kind
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of get stuck.
Ken Olsen: I put on that I put on learning 9.5
Ken Olsen: Caleb, you were to that.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I put that on. And I just think about God, Jesus, Dr.
Ken Olsen: Gets me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Well, that's one good coping skill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Paying attention to, again, pull yourself back in. If that's not working to mindfulness and the moment as you're driving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making yourself, pay attention to what you're seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what you're hearing what you're smelling during the drive. I mean, really, because we go on autopilot so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Easily.
Ken Olsen: Have a hell of a commute. Yeah, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so being able to do it in those moments to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm Kayla Kayla
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cronin,
Ken Olsen: Just thank God that I'm still here, kind of thing and
Ken Olsen: I got a second chance goose on with it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good because you do, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, we're worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you very much. So that's really, really true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every time it is never too late, ever.
Ken Olsen: I kind of felt like I'm on borrowed time
Ken Olsen: There do foot when it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time to get busy.
Ken Olsen: Something. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that you're well on your way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 33 days, you know, server. You've changed your diet. You've gotten back engaged in self help meetings, you have a sponsor you're doing all the right things, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, just throw everything at me and see what sticks kind of thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Ken Olsen: We're trying to do. We're trying to do any kind of program will have the time to do it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, wherever sticks, hopefully everything goes, I will take every little morsel, I can get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and not attaching yourself to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the future.
Ken Olsen: No. Yes. Why don't try to think about the settlement, because I'm like, Oh, I'll get a new truck and do this. I don't know.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I don't even. I don't even want a new truck only, you know, I paid off two cars and I'll take anything to get me to point A to point B. I don't care if it's, you know,
Ken Olsen: Anyways, that's another I don't I try not to think about it anymore.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be able to be out of that stress feet out of that stress own
Ken Olsen: Charlotte trying to put something together. That's not even here yet. Yeah. You know, like I can be dead tomorrow, no one
Ken Olsen: I don't know. There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So also remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not yet.
Ken Olsen: You won't, then probably if you take care of yourself. But they said, part of it was hereditary. My mom died, heart failure.
Ken Olsen: Tomorrow, they call the have water on your heart.
Ken Olsen: Congestive heart failure or something.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, she but she would die and for like the last 10 years of my life.
Ken Olsen: So I took care of referral Ellen.
Ken Olsen: But the doctor said it was part hereditary
Ken Olsen: Mm hmm. So
Ken Olsen: And then he told you the different things to do to lower your risk.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I still do one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah.
Ken Olsen: My turn into a chain smoker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any plans and quitting.
Ken Olsen: Yes.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that the, the, the doctor that you work with here can help you with that.
Ken Olsen: Greg.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Such as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Patches or GM or the men's or whatever, you know,
Ken Olsen: I tried the original Nicorette the other day.
Ken Olsen: Oh man, it was like looking straight at me toast terrible so yeah
Ken Olsen: The GM yeah I had that taste in my mouth all day.
Ken Olsen: Good bursa way or another.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you just let it sit in your mouth water to it like regular
Ken Olsen: God should
Ken Olsen: I should I was at a meeting them. She went away.
Ken Olsen: Like terrible
Ken Olsen: Everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You those gums are supposed to just kind of sit in your mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy. And it gum. Right. The first thing that you think that you should be doing is chewing on it like are you what a regular PC GM
Ken Olsen: And with with Turkey. Turkey, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that I apparently there's a method to to those yeah I wasn't even aware of until recently.
Ken Olsen: Though somebody just gave me one. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: There we go on site.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You popular
Ken Olsen: Yeah. You know, it's funny, as I've been talking to people haven't talked in a while.
Ken Olsen: A lot of people are getting sober. It doesn't mean subject with me all the time. I just, just tell people, Hey, you know what I'm doing now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're building a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support System around it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You can say so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See you doing everything all the right things, you know,
Ken Olsen: I hope so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Except smoking, but that will happen when you're ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, definitely not one to judge, I can tell you that
Ken Olsen: I was gonna say at the end of the month, I
Ken Olsen: Quit smoking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Ken Olsen: I don't want a federal line as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So set yourself up for failure.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so
Ken Olsen: It's hard. Good. I got people that smoke in the house. You got people that drink in the house, but the smoking part I didn't drink, and I don't think you know one day time for that. Like the smoke and stuff is
Ken Olsen: Going to be tricky.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys, it's going to be tricky.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Ken Olsen: But you gotta want to
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There lies the key right
Ken Olsen: I want our want to but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about
Ken Olsen: Well, oh yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you get to that point, you actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see how it goes.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They say the doctor said the other day, and group that it usually takes people about six or seven times of trying to quit before I finally grabs a hold, and they can actually do it.
Ken Olsen: So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But cigarettes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I went to jail for
Ken Olsen: Two weeks and I didn't volume. It's not around, but I don't know. I don't know. They get cigarettes in there, but he do what you smell it, it
Ken Olsen: Smells good. But, uh,
Ken Olsen: You know one of them are around it, or it's easy to do when you're not around. You can't get them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Ken Olsen: It's like cigarettes and alcohol are on every corner.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is definitely one of the toughest things to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To break free from
It well
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't, I can't confirm or deny that.
Ken Olsen: I'll take that as a maybe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't confirm or deny that I just know that, I know the struggle, and I know that it's real.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm definitely not one to point fingers or the judge.
Ken Olsen: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, definitely to walk you through when if you get ready to do something different.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you out and you and I. Same time next week.
Ken Olsen: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. I hope that you have some some good information from your cardiologist. When I see you next week on what's happening.
Ken Olsen: It'll show up. You know why.
Ken Olsen: Don't kidding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you're going to be here for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're too stubborn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that whole will to
Ken Olsen: You know that goes with it. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that you're, you know, experiencing your heart attack was probably a very, very traumatic thing for you.
Uh,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But now,
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I mean, I'm not special or anything. It happens a lot of people
Ken Olsen: I know, yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll kind of dive into it a little bit, hopefully when you're ready.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sounds like a plan. Sure.
Ken Olsen: Hello.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. Anyway, so we'll dive into it a little bit because it is when you experience it. It's like a wake up call. And I only know this because of what I watched my mom there through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Oh, no.
Ken Olsen: My phone's ringing. I don't know why.
Ken Olsen: I don't see anything on my screen, but my phone dragon.
Ken Olsen: There. There we go. Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyway, so we can
Ken Olsen: Put them all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did and it was it was horrible and
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my mom had to have to do different surgeries. They replace two stints
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not two cents, but to bounce.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Around her heart, so two separate times they did that for and it was just, I get it, you know, and I, I walked with her through the emotional part of it all. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand it secondhand
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, some firsthand.
You know,
Ken Olsen: What was just one little tiny step well wasn't tiny about it into long, but I got pictures of my heart before and afterwards.
Ken Olsen: Oh wow, that was. Yeah, pretty, pretty weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet.
Ken Olsen: So they show me where it was clogged and then they show me what was opens like damn
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: It's a good thing I have my phone on me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You were able to call for help.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I knew something was wrong.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, but I was I took some time. So I was looking for comes
Ken Olsen: near this wasn't this wasn't a heartburn or something. This was something different and I kind of went down to the floor just grabbed my phone later the search
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well, thank God. He had your phone.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Somebody just walked out the door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, do you find yourself in the what ifs.
Ken Olsen: What if what
What if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just the different scenarios of what could have happened if it you know if you didn't have your phone with you or
Ken Olsen: At all.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well, not really because I knew something was wrong. It worked out.
Ken Olsen: So I consider myself lucky.
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: You know, it doesn't God. God doesn't want me
Ken Olsen: To I should have been dead and this is no bullshit about least I'm going to say at least five times. I should have been dead.
Ken Olsen: You know, I fell asleep on the freeway, I go on and on. And for some reason, I'm still here. I walked away from scratch couple times and I should have been dead so
Ken Olsen: Either healthful they say, or having to hold me or something because I'm still here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My job's not done here yet. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so I think to me. God
Ken Olsen: I can go into the things that I've been hit by a car, you can almost put the body cast
Ken Olsen: Car accidents on top of car accidents and I'm still here.
Ken Olsen: That shot at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Ken Olsen: They missed the guy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yep.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, so you're not done here.
Ken Olsen: Well, I guess not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff. It's good stuff that you're still here and you're able to do it again. It's like a do over you know
Ken Olsen: Why did I go to a meetings I hear people talking to my ship. You know, everybody goes to the ship. Everybody's going through something or been through it. You know, so
No.
Ken Olsen: Okay, I gotcha. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to monitor your thoughts, this weekend, you're going to monitor your emotion regulation this week.
Ken Olsen: I wrote that, though. Yeah, I wrote go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll talk more in depth about different ways that you can work with what's going on inside.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In that area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week when we meet
Ken Olsen: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the rest of this week, keep yourself safe and good news at the doctors on Friday and
Ken Olsen: Wednesday. I'm sorry, next Wednesday the 25th. Yeah, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next Wednesday.
25th.
Ken Olsen: Oh, you know what that for leaving time isn't it.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay, go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Wednesday at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 12 o'clock.
Ken Olsen: So I go from 930
Ken Olsen: I thought I might still be I might still be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: It's gonna be so what do I, what do we do. Can I just do it over when I'm there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you can, but if you can't, if you can't, then that's okay. Well, then we will I'll conduct after you're done. If you'll call into the virtual clinic and see if I'm available, then we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: can meet for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A brief time. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay, hold on.
Ken Olsen: So, okay, call
Ken Olsen: Called
Ken Olsen: The center that what
Ken Olsen: That virtual clinic.
Ken Olsen: Virtual call okay yeah
After
Ken Olsen: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay. Well, you have a great week, and can I will talk to you next week.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: You're doing what you're doing.
Ken Olsen: All
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Bye.
Bye.